consulting_analysis/README.md, before:

### Constructing your consulting report

1. Each session is in a different page (use page breaks).
2. Has the following key words: </br>
    Type: [short, hands] </br>
    Date: str </br>
    Scholar: str </br>
    Topic: str </br> 
    Content: str </br>
3. (Recommended) Copy and paste the topic created with calendly event.
4. (Recommended) You can make content as descriptive as you like. 



### Workflows

#### Download raw reports
```shell
cd workflows/workflow_download
snakemake --cores 1
```

Raw Data Download: The download_from_sciebo rule will check if the raw/ directory exists. If not, it will download the raw reports from Sciebo using ScieboDataDownload.

Timestamp Deletion: The delete_timestamp rule checks for and deletes a timestamp file in the raw/ directory, then logs the download completion time in download.log. Timestamp file is used by snakemake and has no relevance for any of our analysis.

#### Analysis results of consulting reports

```shell
cd workflows/workflow_analysis
snakemake --cores 1
```

Raw Data Download: The download_from_sciebo rule will check if the raw/ directory exists. If not, it will download the raw reports from Sciebo using ScieboDataDownload.

Data Analysis and Upload: The analysis_and_upload_to_sciebo rule processes the downloaded raw data, analyzes it to extract various metrics, and uploads the results back to Sciebo. The analysis results are also logged in analysis.log.

Commit message:

update readme and rename notebook

consulting_analysis/README.md, after:

### Constructing your consulting report

Every iBOTS team member has one document in our team sciebo consulting reports folder. Name of the document should be the name of the consultant.

Here are some guidelines to make sure that our pipeline can extract all the information from the reports.

## 
1. Each session is in a different page (use page breaks).
2. Has the following key words: </br>
    Type: [short, hands] </br>
    Date: str </br>
    Scholar: str </br>
    Topic: str </br> 
    Content: str </br>
3. (Recommended) Copy and paste the topic created with calendly event.
4. (Recommended) You can make content as descriptive as you like. 

---

### Installation and running the pipeline

1. Navigate the the path with `environment.yml`

``` shell
conda env create -f environment.yml
conda activate consulting-analysis
```

This installs all relevant libraries needed to run the pipeline

2. Run the jupyter notebook titled `consulting_reports_pipeline.ipynb` using `consulting-analysis` kernel.
